# Project React Testing Library! 🚀

This is the fifth project of Trybe course Front-end module.
The objective was to practice my **react testing skills** using `React testing library`, `Mocks` and `userEvent`. For that,I had to achieve **100% coverage** of the use cases generated by `stryker`.

`Requirements:`

##### - 1 - Test `<App.js />` component:

  - Test whether the top of the application contains a fixed set of navigation links.

    - The first link must have the text `Home`.

    - The second link must have the text `About`.

    - The third link must have the text `Favorite Pokemons`.

  - Test whether the application is redirected to the home page at the `/` URL by clicking on the `Home` link in the navigation bar.

  - Test whether the application is redirected to the `About` page, at the `/about` URL, by clicking the `About` link in the navigation bar.

  - Test if the application is redirected to the `Pokémons Favoritados` page, in the URL `/favorites`, by clicking on the `Favorite Pokémon` link in the navigation bar.

  - Test whether the application is redirected to the `Not Found` page when entering an unknown URL.
##### - 2 - Test `<About.js />` component:

  - Test whether the page contains information about Pokédex.

  - Test if the page contains an `h2` heading with the text `About Pokédex`.

  - Test if the page contains two paragraphs of text about Pokédex.

  - Test if the page contains the following image of a Pokédex: `https://cdn2.bulbagarden.net/upload/thumb/8/86/Gen_I_Pok%C3%A9dex.png/800px-Gen_I_Pok%C3%A9dex.png`.

##### - 3 - Test `<FavoritePokemons.js />` component:

  - Test if the message `No favorite pokemon found` is displayed on the screen, if the user does not have favorite pokemons.

  - Test if all favorite Pokemon cards are displayed.

##### - 4 - Test `<NotFound.js />` component:

  - Test whether the page contains a heading `h2` with the text `Page requested not found 😭`.

  - Test if the page shows the image: `https://media.giphy.com/media/kNSeTs31XBZ3G/giphy.gif`.

### 5. Test `<Pokedex.js />` component:

  - Test if the page contains an `h2` heading with the text `Encountered pokemons`.

  - Test whether the next Pokémon in the list is displayed when the `Next Pokémon` button is clicked.

    - The button must contain the text `Próximo pokémon`.

    - The next Pokémon in the list must be shown, one by one, by successively clicking on the button.

    - The first Pokémon in the list should be shown when clicking the button, if it is the last Pokémon in the list.

  - Test if only one Pokemon is shown at a time.

  - Test if the Pokédex has the filter buttons.

    - There must be a filtering button for each type of Pokémon, with no repetition.

    - After selecting a type button, the Pokédex should only cycle through the Pokémon of that type.

    - The button text must match the "type name", ex. `Psychic`.

    - The `All` button must be **always** visible.

  - Test if the Pokédex contains a button to reset the filter.

    - The button text must be `All`.

    - Pokedéx should show Pokémon normally (without filters) when the `All` button is clicked.

    - When loading the page, the selected filter should be `All`.

##### - 6 - Test `<Pokemon.js />` component:

  - Test whether a card with the information for a particular Pokémon is rendered.

    - The correct Pokémon name should be displayed on the screen.

    - The correct type of pokemon must be shown on the screen.

    - The average weight of the pokemon should be displayed with text in the format `Average weight: <value> <measurementUnit>`; where `<value>` and `<measurementUnit>` are, respectively, the average weight of the pokemon and its unit of measure.

    - The Pokémon image should be displayed. It should contain a `src` attribute with the URL of the image and an `alt` attribute with the text `<name> sprite`, where `<name>` is the name of the pokemon.

  - Test if the Pokémon card listed in the Pokédex contains a navigation link to view details of that Pokémon. The link must have the URL `/pokemons/<id>`, where `<id>` is the id of the displayed Pokemon.

  - Test if clicking on the Pokémon navigation link redirects the application to the Pokémon details page. 
  
  - Also test if the URL displayed in the browser changes to `/pokemon/<id>`, where `<id>` is the id of the Pokemon whose details you want to see.

  - Test if there is a star icon on favorite Pokemons.

    - The icon must be an image with the `src` attribute containing the path `/star-icon.svg`;

    - The image must have the `alt` attribute equal to `<pokemon> is marked as favorite`, where `<pokemon>` is the name of the displayed Pokemon.

##### - 7 - Test `<PokemonDetails.js />` component:

  - Test that the selected Pokémon's detailed information is displayed on the screen.

    - The page should contain `<name> Details` text, where `<name>` is the name of the Pokémon;

    - There should **not** be a navigation link to the selected Pokémon's details.

    - The details section must contain an `h2` heading with the text `Summary`.

    - The details section should contain a paragraph summarizing the specific Pokémon being viewed.

  - Test if there is a section on the page with maps containing the pokemon's locations.

    - In the details section there should be an `h2` heading with the text `Game Locations of <name>`; where `<name>` is the name of the displayed Pokémon.

    - All Pokémon locations should be shown in the details section.

    - The name of the location and a map image must be displayed at each location.

    - The location image must have a `src` attribute with the location URL.

    - The location image must have an `alt` attribute with the text `<name> location`, where `<name>` is the name of the Pokémon.

  - Test if the user can favorite a pokemon through the details page.

    - The page should display a `checkbox` that allows user to favorite the Pokémon.

    - Alternate clicks on the `checkbox` should respectively add and remove the Pokémon from the favorites list.

    - Should the `label` of the `checkbox` contain the text `Pokémon favoritado?`.

